Lgcs 557 - Add in Readme files (#42)
WeAreSnook/cyber-health-frontend: README.md

# MHCLG CyberHealth Documentation

The MHCLG Cyber Health Framework is a self-assessment tool to help Local Authorities understand their cyber resilience. 

> This project uses Django, which is a Python framework for building web applications. It is in the form of a MonoRepo containing the [applications itself](CyberHealth/README.md), [it's acceptance tests](acceptance/README.md) and [accessibility tests](accessibility/README.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses Django, which is a Python framework for building web applications. It is in the form of a MonoRepo containing the [application itself](CyberHealth/README.md), [it's acceptance tests](acceptance/README.md) and [accessibility tests](accessibility/README.md). 
```

## Application Components

> Please read the readme in the following components of the application, their installation and their use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the `README.md` file in the following components of the application to understand how to install and how they are used:
```
